docs: improve export docs around faked vs hashed options (#6459)
greenriver/hmis-warehouse: docs/features/hmis-csv-export.md

Custom files are only exported when explicitly selected in the export configuration.

## De-identification Options

The export supports two distinct de-identification mechanisms intended for different use cases:

### SHA-256 Hashing (hash_status = 4)

Applies one-way SHA-256 hashing to name fields (FirstName, MiddleName, LastName) and SSN. Hashed values are deterministic — the same input always produces the same hash — enabling cross-system deduplication without exposing PII. This is the HUD-defined "SHA-256 (RHY)" approach. All other fields remain unchanged.

The "Hashed Only" export UI forces this setting and is available to users with fewer permissions than the full export.

### Faked PII

> Replaces sensitive fields with realistic-looking fabricated data (names, SSN, DOB, addresses, project/organization names, contact info, and free-text fields). Fake values are consistent within an export — the same real value always maps to the same fake value — so referential integrity is preserved. This is intended for producing sample files safe to share with vendors or developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replaces sensitive fields with realistic-looking fabricated data (names, SSN, DOB, addresses, project/organization names, contact info, and free-text fields). Fake values are consistent within an export — the same real value always maps to the same fake value — so referential integrity is preserved. This is intended for producing sample files safe for developers to use locally, or for use in staging environments. While the intention is to remove all PII, it is not guaranteed, and output should not be shared externally without detailed review. 
```

### When to use which

| Goal | Mechanism |
|------|-----------|

> | Share sample data with a vendor for testing | Faked PII |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Share sample data with a vendor for testing | Faked PII in conjunction with full review or fake source data |
```
